Electron Improvements (#4)
apache/cordova-electron: DOCUMENTATION.md

| certificateSubjectName    | String value of the signing certificate's subject.<br /><br />:warning: Required for EV Code Signing and requires Windows                            |
| certificateSha1           | String value of the SHA1 hash of the signing certificate.<br /><br />:warning: Requires Windows                                                      |
| signingHashAlgorithms     | Collection of singing algorithms to be used. (`sha1`, `sha256`)<br /><br />:warning: AppX builds only support `sha256`                               |
| additionalCertificateFile | String path to the additional certificate files.                                                                                                     |

**Example Config:**

```
{
  "electron": {
    "windows": {
      "package": [
        "nsis"
      ],
      "signing": {
        "release": {
          "certificateFile": "path_to_files",
          "certificatePassword": "password"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Linux Signing

There are not signing requirements for Linux builds.

## Plugins

All browser-based plugins are usable with the Electron platform.

> When adding a plugin, if the plugin supports both Electron and Browser, the Electron portion will be used. If the plugin contains the browser platform, but missing Electron, the browser platform will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a plugin, if the plugin supports both the `electron` and `browser` platform, the `electron` portion will be used. If the plugin misses `electron`, but contains the `browser` implementation, it will fall back on the `browser` implementation.
```

> Internally, Electron is using Chromium (Chrome) as its web view. Some plugins may have condition written specifically for each browser. In this type of case, it may affect the behavior from what is intended. Since Electron may support feature that the browser does not, these plugins would need to be updated for Electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, Electron is using Chromium (Chrome) as its web view. Some plugins may have conditions written specifically for each different browser. In this case, it may affect the behavior from what is intended. Since Electron may support feature that the browser does not, these plugins would possibly need to be updated for the `electron` platform.
```
